hey guys Rick Willis here again we're in
the kitchen back porch smoked barbecue
what we're going to do today is I'm
going to go through a demonstration on
how to properly pull what's called a
Boston butt this is a portion of the
pork shoulder but it actually is called
the Boston butt in the last month or so
I've had several people that are buying
this as opposed to the pulled pork
because of the savings you can go to my
web site at www.movinon.com
and all the cost is on there but more
importantly we have a couple of taverns
and bars that are exclusively using back
porch smoked barbecue as one of their
items on the menu so we want to go
through a quick lesson on how to do this
because folks have been asking Rick
what's the best way to pull the pork
from the shoulder and optimize the meat
let's dig in
is exactly what this looks like as it
comes off the smoker this was smoked
yesterday now what you're gonna need is
a good workspace we have that right here
alright you're going to take the entire
shoulder out of the aluminum foil I did
it here have a trash can ready bingo all
right first thing you want to look for a
good barbecue is this there's one bone
in a Boston butt and that's the blade
that's it that comes out that easily
you've done it the right way you've done
it slow and you've watch the temperature
and you cooked it for 12 to 13 hours
all right just below flex let's back up
the top of this is the fat cap now
this is not very healthy but there is
underneath the fat cap a thin sheath of
meat and this here doesn't have fat in
it but sometimes people will just throw
this entire fat cap away and again not
optimize the meat that's in this Boston
but that's salvageable
you have your clean place ready for
where you're going to put your clean pan
right
excuse-me ready where you going to place
the pork and then you dig in so where we
go as you saw again I drained the pan
I'm working from from the juices because
I don't like sloppy barbecue but with
that said and if you can zoom in here
Jeff you see how moist this is right
here that's the way you want it now I
brought this here for a reason
this is apple cider vinegar most of your
chain restaurants we use this for two
reasons
one they'll use it to keep their
barbecue moist
actually there's three reasons to
they'll use it for to preserve it so
that it lasts on the Shelf a little bit
longer and for some reason three they
seem to like to taste the vinegar I
don't if you go to Memphis and you go to
Bill Street you get some of the old
barbecue shacks for lack of a better
word you don't have that taste you have
the taste of hickory smoke and some type
of a cherry type of wood like we use a
cherry flame so that's there for
demonstration purposes of what not to do
this is the best part of the Boston but
in competition circuit this is called
the money muscle you may have heard that
term competition people probably don't
want me using that term but you know
what we're gonna educate people on good
barbecue guys that's tenderloin that
right there is the creme de la creme of
the Boston but you pull that apart
definitely focus on that I hate to be
boastful that's as good as you get it
right there that's it so that's very
simple and if you come back with us in
about two more minutes we'll be on the
backside of this and we'll show you the
very back in what hope we helped you out
and shown you how to properly pull
Boston but again this is Rick Willis
find me on the web at back-porch smoke
barbeque dot-com check out our photo
album and see why people are using us
and how many people and what they're
saying you go to our fan page you can
check out our photo gallery and guys I'm
telling you again I run into people
every day and if you haven't tried this
yet give us a shot